Document job result in Job Workers concept page (#4813)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/concepts/job-workers.md

:::

### Using job result

For [user task listeners](components/concepts/user-task-listeners.md) job workers can provide a **job result**.

Job results are used to define:

1. **Corrections**: Updates to specific user task attributes, such as assignee, due date, follow-up date, candidate users, candidate groups, and priority, before the task transition is finalized. For more details, see [Correcting user task data](components/concepts/user-task-listeners.md/#correcting-user-task-data).

> 2. **Denial**: Indicates that the operation should be explicitly denied. Denying an operation prevents the task lifecycle transition and discards any corrections made by previous listeners. For more details, see [Denying the operation](components/concepts/user-task-listeners.md/#denying-the-operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Denial**: Indicates that the lifecycle transition should be explicitly denied. Denying the task lifecycle transition rolls back the user task to the previous state, and discards any corrections made by previous listeners. For more details, see [Denying the operation](components/concepts/user-task-listeners.md/#denying-the-operation).
```

Reviewer 2: This is done now, thank you @korthout 👍

Below is an example of using job result:

```java
final JobHandler userTaskListenerHandler =
    (jobClient, job) -> {
        boolean shouldDeny = someValidationLogic(job);

        jobClient
            .newCompleteCommand(job)
            // highlight-start
            .withResult(
                new CompleteJobResult()
                    .correctAssignee("john_doe")
                    .correctPriority(42)
                    .deny(shouldDeny)) // deny based on validation logic
            // highlight-end
            .send();
    };
```

> If both corrections and denial are provided in the same job result (for example, `.correctAssignee(...)` and `.deny(true)`), the job completion command will be rejected. To avoid this, ensure the job is either completed with corrections (without denial set to `true`) or denied (without corrections).

Reviewer 3: 💭 Couldn't this be validated on the client side?
